# kaggle-FIFA-recommendation-system
the idea of this code is to help the user create the best possible team with limited money. The team will be optimized in a way that maximum overall stats can be achieved using minimum money . FIFA 19 by EA sports is one of the top trending games in 2019. Due to  Its highly competitive nature, creating a good team with famous players  is difficult since there are a lot of people bidding for the same players. However, if the stats of relatively less famous players are similar to the famous ones, it is a good idea to buy the cheaper players and achieve similar overall strength. Thus we can optimize the team, spending minimum amount. One of the limitations we have is that the dimensionality of the dataset is too high. We can reduce this by using dimensionality reduction techniques. We will be using PCA for our dataset. Although, a better option is to use kernal PCA over PCA since PCA only determines the linear relationship between two data parameters. Kernal PCA on the other hand, uses various non linear functions and makes the principal components more accurate.Since we are using dimensionality reduction techniques, we can perform K nearest neighbors for clustering similar players based on the newly obtained reduced parameters. We will use the elbow curve method to determine the optimal number of nearest neighbors we need to minimize the error function whilst ensuring that the number of neighbors is not too high. We use unsupervised learning for this. One method to validate the number of clusters is the elbow method. The idea of the elbow method is to run k-means clustering on the dataset for a range of values of k (say, k from 1 to 10 in the examples above), and for each value of k calculate the sum of squared errors (SSE). Although, using this recommendation system, one can easily predict the best players with attributes close to their target players, There are severe limitations with that data that must be addressed. All the attributes mentioned are related to the raw stats of a player. One of the most important aspects of FIFA is team chemistry. The team chemistry in fact, is as important as the stats, Thus, what we can achieve through this code is just an optimization of the stats and not the chemistry.
